we've got a problem
oh my god someone find my bandaid in
their phone boom
that wasn't an apricot what what's the
problem oh no city wants trigger and I
thought we said we're too grown up to
that now well what you want hey why is
the piece that has troopers on it
dog-eared Chandler was in Tulsa
I was bored please don't tell him pain
where is the sky it's been over an hour
well he's coming from Jersey said he
would get here as fast as he could oh by
the way Phoebe spread Marge found an
earring in her cucumber skin well it's
not mine
oh I am not on my game today
now Joey Tribbiani
that
[Applause]
nope you must be thinking of someone
else I was never in abandoned no way
I'm so sorry that you have to do this
with me listen I know this will put your
kid through college but would you like a
Days of Our Lives mug - five four three
two applause you so upset what do you
need you kissed Rachel Ross she was so
drunk she didn't even remember it the
next day
plus I should tell you it did not last
long hey I'm in college I'm in a band
okay and now I killed one
hey where's Rachel
she and Phoebe took the stripper to the
hospital sounds like your elegant tea
party went off just as planned
did you know Chandler kissed Rachel what
well what was it last week we have some
wine and you don't no I'm kidding
[Music]
Oh